README.rst, before:

========
PokerKit
========

PokerKit is an open-source software library, written in pure Python, for simulating games, evaluating hands, and facilitating statistical analysis, developed by the University of Toronto Computer Poker Student Research Group. PokerKit supports an extensive array of poker variants and it provides a flexible architecture for users to define their custom games. These facilities are exposed via an intuitive unified high-level programmatic API. The library can be used in a variety of use cases, from poker AI development, and tool creation, to online poker casino implementation. PokerKit's reliability has been established through static type checking, extensive doctests, and unit tests, achieving 99% code coverage.

Features
--------

* Extensive poker game logic for major and minor poker variants.
* High-speed hand evaluations.
* Customizable game states and parameters.
* Robust implementation with static type checking and extensive unit tests and doctests.

Installation
------------

The PokerKit library can be installed using pip:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install pokerkit

Usages
------

Example usages of PokerKit is shown below.

Multi-Runout in an All-In Situation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the 4-runout hand between Phil Hellmuth and the Loose Cannon Ernest Wiggins.

Link: https://youtu.be/cnjJv7x0HMY?si=4l05Ez7lQVczt8DI&t=638

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, Mode, NoLimitTexasHoldem

   state = NoLimitTexasHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       False,  # Uniform antes?
       {-1: 600},  # Antes
       (200, 400, 800),  # Blinds or straddles
       400,  # Min-bet
       (999999, 116400, 86900, 999999, 50000, 999999),  # Starting stacks
       6,  # Number of players
       mode=Mode.CASH_GAME,
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('JsTh')  # Tony G
   state.deal_hole('Ah9d')  # Hellmuth
   state.deal_hole('KsKc')  # Wiggins
   state.deal_hole('5c2h')  # Negreanu
   state.deal_hole('6h5h')  # Brunson
   state.deal_hole('6s3s')  # Laak

   state.fold()  # Negreanu
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(2800)  # Brunson
   state.fold()  # Laak
   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(12600)  # Hellmuth
   state.check_or_call()  # Wiggins
   state.check_or_call()  # Brunson
   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9hTs9s')

   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(17000)  # Hellmuth
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(36000)  # Wiggins
   state.fold()  # Brunson
   state.fold()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(103800)  # Hellmuth
   state.check_or_call()  # Wiggins

Below is selecting the number of runouts.

.. code-block:: python

   state.select_runout_count(4)  # Hellmuth
   state.select_runout_count(None)  # Wiggins

Below is the first runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Ad')  # River

Below is the second runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Kh')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('3c')  # River

Below is the third runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('7s')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('8s')  # River

Below is the fourth runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Qc')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Kd')  # River

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [987399, 79400, 149700, 999999, 37400, 999399]

A Sample No-Limit Texas Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the first televised million-dollar pot between Tom Dwan and Phil Ivey.

Link: https://youtu.be/GnxFohpljqM

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, NoLimitTexasHoldem

   state = NoLimitTexasHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       500,  # Antes
       (1000, 2000),  # Blinds or straddles
       2000,  # Min-bet
       (1125600, 2000000, 553500),  # Starting stacks
       3,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Ac2d')  # Ivey
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Antonius
   state.deal_hole('7h6h')  # Dwan

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(7000)  # Dwan
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(23000)  # Ivey
   state.fold()  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jc3d5c')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(35000)  # Ivey
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below are the turn dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('4h')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(90000)  # Ivey
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(232600)  # Dwan
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(1067100)  # Ivey
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [572100, 1997500, 1109500]

A Sample Short-Deck Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows an all-in hand between Xuan and Phua.

Link: https://youtu.be/QlgCcphLjaQ

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, NoLimitShortDeckHoldem

   state = NoLimitShortDeckHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       3000,  # Antes
       {-1: 3000},  # Blinds or straddles
       3000,  # Min-bet
       (495000, 232000, 362000, 403000, 301000, 204000),  # Starting stacks
       6,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Th8h')  # Badziakouski
   state.deal_hole('QsJd')  # Zhong
   state.deal_hole('QhQd')  # Xuan
   state.deal_hole('8d7c')  # Jun
   state.deal_hole('KhKs')  # Phua
   state.deal_hole('8c7h')  # Koon

   state.check_or_call()  # Badziakouski
   state.check_or_call()  # Zhong
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(35000)  # Xuan
   state.fold()  # Jun
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(298000)  # Phua
   state.fold()  # Koon
   state.fold()  # Badziakouski
   state.fold()  # Zhong
   state.check_or_call()  # Xuan

Below is the flop dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9h6cKc')

Below is the turn dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Ts')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [489000, 226000, 684000, 400000, 0, 198000]

A Sample Pot-Limit Omaha Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the largest online poker pot ever played between Patrik Antonius and Viktor Blom.

Link: https://youtu.be/UMBm66Id2AA

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, PotLimitOmahaHoldem

   state = PotLimitOmahaHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (500, 1000),  # Blinds or straddles
       1000,  # Min-bet
       (1259450.25, 678473.5),  # Starting stacks
       2,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Ah3sKsKh')  # Antonius
   state.deal_hole('6d9s7d8h')  # Blom

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(3000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(9000)  # Antonius
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(27000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(81000)  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Blom

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('4s5c2h')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(91000)  # Antonius
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(435000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(779000)  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Blom

Below is the turn dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('5h')

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9c')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [1937923.75, 0.0]

A Sample Fixed-Limit Deuce-To-Seven Lowball Triple Draw Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows a bad beat between Yockey and Arieh.

Link: https://youtu.be/pChCqb2FNxY

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, FixedLimitDeuceToSevenLowballTripleDraw

   state = FixedLimitDeuceToSevenLowballTripleDraw.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (75000, 150000),  # Blinds or straddles
       150000,  # Small-bet
       300000,  # Big-bet
       (1180000, 4340000, 5910000, 10765000),  # Starting stacks
       4,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('7h6c4c3d2c')  # Yockey
   state.deal_hole('??????????')  # Hui
   state.deal_hole('??????????')  # Esposito
   state.deal_hole('AsQs6s5c3c')  # Arieh

   state.fold()  # Esposito
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Arieh
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.fold()  # Hui
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the first draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('AsQs')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('2hQh')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the second draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('Qh')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('4d')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the third draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('6s')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('7c')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [0, 4190000, 5910000, 12095000]

A Sample Badugi Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows an example badugi hand from Wikipedia.

Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Badugi

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, FixedLimitBadugi

   state = FixedLimitBadugi.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (1, 2),  # Blinds or straddles
       2,  # Small-bet
       4,  # Big-bet
       200,  # Starting stacks
       4,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Carol
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Ted
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Alice

   state.fold()  # Ted
   state.check_or_call()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below are the first draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('????')  # Bob
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('????')  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Carol
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Alice

   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Carol
   state.check_or_call()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Bob

Below are the second draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Bob
   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Alice

   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Carol
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Alice
   state.fold()  # Bob
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below are the third draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Carol

   state.check_or_call()  # Carol
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below is the showdown.

.. code-block:: python

   state.show_or_muck_hole_cards('2s4c6d9h')  # Alice
   state.show_or_muck_hole_cards('3s5d7c8h')  # Carol

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [196, 220, 200, 184]

Testing and Validation
----------------------

PokerKit has extensive test coverage, passes mypy static type checking with strict mode, and has been validated through extensive use in real-life scenarios.

Contributing
------------

Contributions are welcome! Please read our Contributing Guide for more information.

License
-------

PokerKit is distributed under the MIT license.

Citing
------

If you use PokerKit in your research, please cite our library:

.. code-block:: bibtex

   @ARTICLE{10287546,
     author={Kim, Juho},
     journal={IEEE Transactions on Games}, 
     title={PokerKit: A Comprehensive Python Library for Fine-Grained Multi-Variant Poker Game Simulations}, 
     year={2023},
     volume={},
     number={},
     pages={1-8},
     doi={10.1109/TG.2023.3325637}}

Commit message:

Add payoffs and allow unknown starting stacks (inf)

README.rst, after:

========
PokerKit
========

PokerKit is an open-source software library, written in pure Python, for simulating games, evaluating hands, and facilitating statistical analysis, developed by the University of Toronto Computer Poker Student Research Group. PokerKit supports an extensive array of poker variants and it provides a flexible architecture for users to define their custom games. These facilities are exposed via an intuitive unified high-level programmatic API. The library can be used in a variety of use cases, from poker AI development, and tool creation, to online poker casino implementation. PokerKit's reliability has been established through static type checking, extensive doctests, and unit tests, achieving 99% code coverage.

Features
--------

* Extensive poker game logic for major and minor poker variants.
* High-speed hand evaluations.
* Customizable game states and parameters.
* Robust implementation with static type checking and extensive unit tests and doctests.

Installation
------------

The PokerKit library can be installed using pip:

.. code-block:: bash

   pip install pokerkit

Usages
------

Example usages of PokerKit is shown below.

Multi-Runout in an All-In Situation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the 4-runout hand between Phil Hellmuth and the Loose Cannon Ernest Wiggins.

Link: https://youtu.be/cnjJv7x0HMY?si=4l05Ez7lQVczt8DI&t=638

Note that the starting stacks for some players are set to be ``math.inf`` as they are not mentioned.

.. code-block:: python

   from math import inf

   from pokerkit import Automation, Mode, NoLimitTexasHoldem

   state = NoLimitTexasHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       False,  # Uniform antes?
       {-1: 600},  # Antes
       (200, 400, 800),  # Blinds or straddles
       400,  # Min-bet
       (inf, 116400, 86900, inf, 50000, inf),  # Starting stacks
       6,  # Number of players
       mode=Mode.CASH_GAME,
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('JsTh')  # Tony G
   state.deal_hole('Ah9d')  # Hellmuth
   state.deal_hole('KsKc')  # Wiggins
   state.deal_hole('5c2h')  # Negreanu
   state.deal_hole('6h5h')  # Brunson
   state.deal_hole('6s3s')  # Laak

   state.fold()  # Negreanu
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(2800)  # Brunson
   state.fold()  # Laak
   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(12600)  # Hellmuth
   state.check_or_call()  # Wiggins
   state.check_or_call()  # Brunson
   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9hTs9s')

   state.check_or_call()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(17000)  # Hellmuth
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(36000)  # Wiggins
   state.fold()  # Brunson
   state.fold()  # Tony G
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(103800)  # Hellmuth
   state.check_or_call()  # Wiggins

Below is selecting the number of runouts.

.. code-block:: python

   state.select_runout_count(4)  # Hellmuth
   state.select_runout_count(None)  # Wiggins

Below is the first runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Ad')  # River

Below is the second runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Kh')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('3c')  # River

Below is the third runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('7s')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('8s')  # River

Below is the fourth runout.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Qc')  # Turn
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Kd')  # River

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [inf, 79400, 149700, inf, 37400, inf]

A Sample No-Limit Texas Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the first televised million-dollar pot between Tom Dwan and Phil Ivey.

Link: https://youtu.be/GnxFohpljqM

Note that the starting stack of Patrik Antonius is set to be ``math.inf`` as it is not mentioned.

.. code-block:: python

   from math import inf

   from pokerkit import Automation, NoLimitTexasHoldem

   state = NoLimitTexasHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       500,  # Antes
       (1000, 2000),  # Blinds or straddles
       2000,  # Min-bet
       (1125600, inf, 553500),  # Starting stacks
       3,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Ac2d')  # Ivey
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Antonius
   state.deal_hole('7h6h')  # Dwan

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(7000)  # Dwan
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(23000)  # Ivey
   state.fold()  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jc3d5c')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(35000)  # Ivey
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below are the turn dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('4h')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(90000)  # Ivey
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(232600)  # Dwan
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(1067100)  # Ivey
   state.check_or_call()  # Dwan

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [572100, inf, 1109500]

A Sample Short-Deck Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows an all-in hand between Xuan and Phua.

Link: https://youtu.be/QlgCcphLjaQ

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, NoLimitShortDeckHoldem

   state = NoLimitShortDeckHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       3000,  # Antes
       {-1: 3000},  # Blinds or straddles
       3000,  # Min-bet
       (495000, 232000, 362000, 403000, 301000, 204000),  # Starting stacks
       6,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Th8h')  # Badziakouski
   state.deal_hole('QsJd')  # Zhong
   state.deal_hole('QhQd')  # Xuan
   state.deal_hole('8d7c')  # Jun
   state.deal_hole('KhKs')  # Phua
   state.deal_hole('8c7h')  # Koon

   state.check_or_call()  # Badziakouski
   state.check_or_call()  # Zhong
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(35000)  # Xuan
   state.fold()  # Jun
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(298000)  # Phua
   state.fold()  # Koon
   state.fold()  # Badziakouski
   state.fold()  # Zhong
   state.check_or_call()  # Xuan

Below is the flop dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9h6cKc')

Below is the turn dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Jh')

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('Ts')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [489000, 226000, 684000, 400000, 0, 198000]

A Sample Pot-Limit Omaha Hold'em Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows the largest online poker pot ever played between Patrik Antonius and Viktor Blom.

Link: https://youtu.be/UMBm66Id2AA

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, PotLimitOmahaHoldem

   state = PotLimitOmahaHoldem.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (500, 1000),  # Blinds or straddles
       1000,  # Min-bet
       (1259450.25, 678473.5),  # Starting stacks
       2,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('Ah3sKsKh')  # Antonius
   state.deal_hole('6d9s7d8h')  # Blom

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(3000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(9000)  # Antonius
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(27000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(81000)  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Blom

Below are the flop dealing and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('4s5c2h')

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(91000)  # Antonius
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(435000)  # Blom
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to(779000)  # Antonius
   state.check_or_call()  # Blom

Below is the turn dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('5h')

Below is the river dealing.

.. code-block:: python

   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_board('9c')

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [1937923.75, 0.0]

A Sample Fixed-Limit Deuce-To-Seven Lowball Triple Draw Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows a bad beat between Yockey and Arieh.

Link: https://youtu.be/pChCqb2FNxY

.. code-block:: python

   from pokerkit import Automation, FixedLimitDeuceToSevenLowballTripleDraw

   state = FixedLimitDeuceToSevenLowballTripleDraw.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HOLE_CARDS_SHOWING_OR_MUCKING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (75000, 150000),  # Blinds or straddles
       150000,  # Small-bet
       300000,  # Big-bet
       (1180000, 4340000, 5910000, 10765000),  # Starting stacks
       4,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('7h6c4c3d2c')  # Yockey
   state.deal_hole('??????????')  # Hui
   state.deal_hole('??????????')  # Esposito
   state.deal_hole('AsQs6s5c3c')  # Arieh

   state.fold()  # Esposito
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Arieh
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.fold()  # Hui
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the first draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('AsQs')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('2hQh')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the second draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('Qh')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('4d')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the third draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Yockey
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('6s')  # Arieh
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('7c')  # Arieh

   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Yockey
   state.check_or_call()  # Arieh

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [0, 4190000, 5910000, 12095000]

A Sample Badugi Hand
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Below shows an example badugi hand from Wikipedia.

Link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Badugi

Note that the starting stacks are set to be ``math.inf`` as they are not mentioned.

.. code-block:: python

   from math import inf

   from pokerkit import Automation, FixedLimitBadugi

   state = FixedLimitBadugi.create_state(
       # Automations
       (
           Automation.ANTE_POSTING,
           Automation.BET_COLLECTION,
           Automation.BLIND_OR_STRADDLE_POSTING,
           Automation.HAND_KILLING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PUSHING,
           Automation.CHIPS_PULLING,
       ),
       True,  # Uniform antes?
       0,  # Antes
       (1, 2),  # Blinds or straddles
       2,  # Small-bet
       4,  # Big-bet
       inf,  # Starting stacks
       4,  # Number of players
   )

Below are the pre-flop dealings and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Carol
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Ted
   state.deal_hole('????????')  # Alice

   state.fold()  # Ted
   state.check_or_call()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below are the first draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('????')  # Bob
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('????')  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('????')  # Carol
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Alice

   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Carol
   state.check_or_call()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Bob

Below are the second draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Bob
   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Bob
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Alice

   state.check_or_call()  # Bob
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Carol
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Alice
   state.fold()  # Bob
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below are the third draw and actions.

.. code-block:: python

   state.stand_pat_or_discard('??')  # Carol
   state.stand_pat_or_discard()  # Alice
   state.burn_card('??')
   state.deal_hole('??')  # Carol

   state.check_or_call()  # Carol
   state.complete_bet_or_raise_to()  # Alice
   state.check_or_call()  # Carol

Below is the showdown.

.. code-block:: python

   state.show_or_muck_hole_cards('2s4c6d9h')  # Alice
   state.show_or_muck_hole_cards('3s5d7c8h')  # Carol

Below are the final stacks.

.. code-block:: python

   print(state.stacks)  # [inf, inf, inf, inf]
   print(state.payoffs)  # [-4, 20, 0, -16]

Testing and Validation
----------------------

PokerKit has extensive test coverage, passes mypy static type checking with strict mode, and has been validated through extensive use in real-life scenarios.

Contributing
------------

Contributions are welcome! Please read our Contributing Guide for more information.

License
-------

PokerKit is distributed under the MIT license.

Citing
------

If you use PokerKit in your research, please cite our library:

.. code-block:: bibtex

   @ARTICLE{10287546,
     author={Kim, Juho},
     journal={IEEE Transactions on Games}, 
     title={PokerKit: A Comprehensive Python Library for Fine-Grained Multi-Variant Poker Game Simulations}, 
     year={2023},
     volume={},
     number={},
     pages={1-8},
     doi={10.1109/TG.2023.3325637}}
